Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Have you washed your face yet?
Yes.
No.
A story! A story!
Yes!
Shh!
Once upon a time. there lived a noble
and brave princess named Peach.
She was the great protector
of the Mushroom Kingdom.
Her story begins many years ago.
I want to hear the plumbers' story.
I already told it to you last night.
the night before...
and the one before that too.
Plumbers. plumbers. plumbers.
plumbers. plumbers. plumbers.
plumbers. plumbers.
Okay.
It's a story about brothers.
Mario and Luigi...
Read the Donkey Kong part.
Donkey Kong!
Donkey...
We'll leave the rest for tomorrow.
Now everyone to bed. got it?
Wait. I'll be right back.
Princess Rosalina!
You're coming with me!
No!
- You messed with the prince...
- Mom!
I had a bad dream.
It wasn't a dream.
From the ashes of his father's defeat.
a new conqueror rises!
They will fear the name of Bowser again!
Oh. will you shut up?
But I'm so happy for you and for...
your first kidnapped princess!
Not my mommy!
VOXFRAME CINEMA
Multilingual Subtitle Localization
SUPER MARIO GALAXY
THE MOVIE
What do you say. huh?
That jump was incredible. brother!
Mario. now we're famous
motorcyclists. right?
Of course we are.
Ah!
They're here!
Okay.
Which pipe broke this time?
Okay. okay.
Can you point it out to us?
Okay. I guess we'll follow
that eerie sound.
Calm down!
You're not the same whiny scaredy-cat!
Yes. I am!
People don't change!
That's the problem.
Hello.
Don't be scared.
Come out.
Okay. all right.
Relax.
What's your name. little one?
Yoshi!
Nice to meet you. Yoshi!
And how did you end up in that pipe?
Oh!
Move!
I guess we'll never know.
I don't care!
Here's the problem!
Hello. my Yoshi!
In the end it was all for a Yoshi!
Yes!
When we found that little one. he...
Where did he go?
He seemed nice. don't you think?
Hey. does he know that's my bike?
Where are you taking us?
Try to enjoy it. princess.
It's the last place you'll see alive!
It's fantastic. isn't it?
I know Dad will love it.
Mom. I'm scared!
Everything will be all right.
My Koopa.
Who brought a princess?
Yes!
And not just any princess.
She is the guardian of the cosmos.
The mother of the stars!
With her powers. we will destroy
the universe!
She will give her life for our glory!
Yes!
That was a good speech. wasn't it?
Direct and descriptive.
Nobody touches my children!
Run!
The great battle of my life is near!
It's time to free my father!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY. PRINCESS PEACH
Do you think she'll like it?
Mario. do you feel something
special for the princess?
What?
How can you not give...
...your friend the perfect gift...
...to show her how much you care?
If the pizza-shaped moon attracts you...
to Peach.
Haven't I fallen in love with Peach?
Let's go.
Yes!
Say "Mushroom"!
Bye. bye!
Hello. Toad!
You look great.
And who is he?
Yoshi?
No one can resist this cute face.
Come on!
The dinosaur pops out of nowhere
and is now part of the group.
Hey. have you seen the princess?
Peach. you're missing your own party.
I hate birthdays.
Yeah. Luigi spent his tenth
birthday crying.
He said his childhood was over.
The funny thing is. today isn't
my real birthday.
Today the Toads found me as a child.
No one has any idea where I come from.
All my life I have
wanted to know where...
my family is.
That must be hard for you.
It's just that sometimes I feel so lost.
Since it's not your birthday.
I guess you don't want any gifts.
Mario!
Okay. that hurt.
I love it!
Look!
Princess Peach. I've finally found you.
Are you feeling better?
I can't believe it's really you.
Mom used to read us so many
stories about you to put us to sleep.
About me?
Are you sure?
She said that if something happened
to her.
we had to look for you and you
would help us.
Princess!
My mom has been kidnapped!
What happened?
A robot is taking her to
a bad planet.
Beyond the galaxy. Sky Gate.
Will you help us?
Peach. sorry.
I tried to...
Yes. yes. we were spying. so what?
Don't even think about leaving!
Listen. let's give the princess a minute?
She has everything under control.
I don't agree. Mario.
Even though my pajamas say
I'm a fan of yours.
There's nothing to know because
she's not leaving.
Come on. everyone out.
We'll talk about it tomorrow morning.
Rest. princess.
Toad. pack your bags.
How did she leave?
Yes. she left you this. Mario.
Dear Mustache. I went to
the Sky Gate Galaxy...
to look for this little one's mom.
I leave the kingdom in your hands.
Sincerely. Peach.
Sincerely?
Ooh là là. that's a good sign!
Princess Peach is gone?
Oh no!
Calm down. please!
The Super Mario Bros will
temporarily take care of the kingdom.
Ah. and what now?
Hi. friend!
What a fright!
What's up. did you want to see us?
Stay there. I'll be right up.
Now we vacuum!
Away with the paint!
And prune this bonsai!
I'm coming!
Hi. Luigi!
Hello. Mario.
Admire!
I have created a masterpiece\nfor Princess Peach!
What do you say. huh?
Be honest.
Wow. what nice colors.
Since you want my opinion. it's trash.
How dare you look at my\nmasterpiece and say that?
Do you think painting is easy?
I'll tear the skin off your bones!
Sorry. that's old Bowser talking.
I'm still dealing with my demons.
Okay. I feel better now.
As I was saying. it's not just a gift.
it's an offer of peace.
I'll ask her to free me\nnot for good behavior...
for incredible behavior!
Free you? Forget it.
And there's no way we're letting\nyou get big again.
Even if I'm completely rehabilitated?
Mario. he's different now.
Besides. we have a book\nclub every week.
Yes. I bring the soup.
I don't trust you. monster.
And neither does the princess.
Either you start trusting. or I'll\ntear your eyes out of your...
Sorry. I didn't mean to...
Okay. I won't bother you anymore.
I'm going to rest.
I need eight hours of sleep\nor I'll really become a monster.
Rest well!
In the name of the Koopas. I order\nyou to free my father.
Over my dead body.
So be it.
Why don't we start over?
And we all introduce ourselves.
So. hi. I'm Luigi.
I'm Bowser Jr. and I'm here\nto take my father away.
Now!
No.
He was doing great. but I came\nto give him a hand.
What?
Dad!
Is everyone okay?
Where are we?
Sweet freedom!
Oh no. it's a joke!
Goodbye. fools!
Don't try to escape!
No!
You can't capture the wind!
Well. that's exactly what I did.
It was a metaphor!
Let go!
Spit it out. it'll hurt you.
That was intense!
I know. I'm so sorry.
I'm still a mini\nproject in development.
Forgive me. okay?
And you expect me to shake hands\nwith the turtle whose son was killing me?
My son?
I haven't seen my son in years.
Mario. I've been a terrible father.
He must hate me.
Hate you?
Your son tried to cut off my\nhead to free you!
He wants to see you.
Maybe. I don't know. he needs guidance.
Really?
Do you think I still have a chance\nto reconnect with my son?
See. Mario?
He's in touch with his feelings.
I'm drowning in them. Mario!
Okay. let's keep walking.
We need to figure out how to leave\nthe planet and find Peach.
Toad!
Here she is!
The Celestial Gateway Galaxy!
Welcome to the Celestial
Gateway Galaxy.
Your gateway to the galaxies.
Toad.
Where are you going?
She's the one we're looking for!
MISSING
PRINCESS ROSALINA
Princess?
Are you okay?
Is a Kiki lost?
Have you seen a Kiki's friends?
Poor little lost monkey!
Come on. come on!
I'll take care of you!
That monkey!
He uses his cuteness to steal!
Toad. wait!
He took our power-ups and coins!
And my unfinished novel!
Excuse me!
Sorry!
Make way!
We've got him!
The monkey went through the wall!
Don't wander off.
Hey. you!
You son of a...
Give me back my backpack.
SCANNING
Dad. I know you're out there.
Sir. it's a lost cause.
What matters most in our
moment of grief is...
To strengthen each other!
Come on. calm down. old man!
We have to keep looking for my dad!
Mario. Bowser would like
to talk to you for a moment.
You know. Mario?
Every son thinks his father
is the greatest of all.
I don't want to disappoint my son\nby letting him see me so small.
I won't let you become big.
You've always lived a small life.
But I was born to be great!
Undo the power of the Blue Mushroom!
And I swear to fight by your\nside for eternity!
That's a good offer!
Eternity is a long time!
Then we'll be unstoppable!
No.
Come on. hit me. Mario!
Hit me!
Yes. Mario. hit him.
We can trust him.
Hit me!
Come on. don't be afraid!
Come on!
Hit me now!
Pathetic imitation of a failed plumber!
You won't regret it!
What are we waiting for?
There's a castle over there!
Come on!
Follow me!
Princess. look!
Kiki. you brought something good.
Princesses are worth a lot.
Kiki says your novel sucks!
Why do princesses always
get captured?
Tell us what you know about\nthe missing princess!
I don't know anything!
Listen to me. toad face!
You're going to tell me where\nto find Rosalina!
Or what?
Oh. princess!
This will cost you dearly!
Yes!
Where is she?
Do I look like a spy?
Oh. yes. I do!
Last chance!
Okay. okay!
Listen to me!
Bowser's son has her!
Where?
In the Nebula Galaxy!
Toad!
Give me that!
Call Bowser Jr. now!
Move your little paws. puppy!
Hello.
Let's find a way to leave\nyour planet.
You have to talk to the queen.
but Lizard Face stays here.
I'll take care of it.
Greetings. Your Highness!
We're trying to reach
the Celestial Gate galaxy...
They're the aliens who
destroyed my flower field!
Capture them!
Take them to the honey mines!
Not if I can help it!
Someone has to pay for your crimes.
Take me!
I'll serve their sentence!
I can do the work of a hundred
men and ten thousand bees!
Lock me up and let them
go to the Celestial Gate!
Deal!
Take them to the Celestial Gate!
Are you sure. Bowser?
You're not as awful as I thought.
Thank you.
Give me a hug!
Treat him well. okay?
I always do!
This measly insect will help you pass!
Goodbye!
Make your enemy proud!
When I'm free. my treasure and I
will dance until dawn.
Do you have a love at home?
She left me at the altar. and it
hardened my black heart.
Today I try to heal. remembering
who I was before her love.
You're a sensitive soul.
What?
Be strong!
The right one will come for you!
Oh!
Hi. Dad.
Junior?
My little one!
Look how much you've grown!
And all this is yours?
Hey. shouldn't you be at boarding school?
Boarding school?
More like bore-ding school.
because I got expelled.
You've become a man while
I wasn't looking. son.
Dad!
We'll become the two most
powerful beings in the universe!
Remember when I was a little turtle?
You worked so hard to conquer the world!
But every now and then you'd take a break...
tuck me in and tell me
our favorite story.
Those were the best nights
of my whole life.
Tell me the story!
Again?
Long ago. there was a powerful
villain with magnificent hair.
He conquered everything in his path.
And that villain had a son.
The two traveled the universe
in search of a home.
But every place they arrived was super...
boring.
Boring!
And so they created their own planet!
Behold!
Planet Bowser!
The sinister sanctuary where they would
spend the rest of their days.
With an evil roller coaster.
A lava canyon.
And a mountain carved
in the shape of their heads.
And on top of the planet. they built
the biggest cannon of all.
It could destroy the entire universe!
They called it?
Apocalypse Cannon!
To power it. they needed...
The most powerful princess in the universe!
And once all her power was extracted.
and the weapon was ready...
They traveled from planet to planet
destroying anyone...
who had disrespected them.
Boom!
Until they danced on the ashes
of the universe. like supreme kings!
The end.
Will you tell it to me again
tomorrow night. Dad?
Of course I will.
Rest. my little one.
Dad!
I finally built the planet!
Really?
We're going there!
Together. Dad!
Two Bowsers!
Without limits!
My lords. we have a little problem.
Welcome to the information center.
My name is Rob.
Do you need information?
We need a pilot.
It's urgent.
With pleasure.
The pilots are on the flight deck.
which is right...
Oh. Rob!
You're killing me!
I'm sorry.
I don't want to kill you.
Toad!
I'm Rob.
I know!
Good.
Thank you for visiting this center.
Where's the bridge?
It's...
-...here. - Thanks!
You're welcome.
I can't believe it!
Hello!
Would you take us to the Nebula
Galaxy. sir?
No.
Excuse me. how much do you want
to take us to the Nebula Galaxy?
Too dangerous for this tender pilot!
Come on. explain it to me.
Why does a princess want to go to the
most dangerous place in the galaxy?
Who are you?
Don't ask me personal questions.
Oh. sorry. I didn't mean to...
I'm Fox McCloud!
Leader of the legendary Star Fox team!
I only care about three things.
Protecting the Lylat system.
fighting with my friends and doing
extreme barrel rolls.
I mean. barrel rolls. guys!
But one day. my warp drive exploded.
It opened a giant hole in the fabric
of...
time and space. sucking me into
another universe.
This is what happens when you have
a frog as an engineer.
Now I travel the galaxy looking
for a way home.
Doing good. if the price is right.
Oh. and I also have fantastic boots.
Now that's a great origin
story...
for whoever takes us to the
Nebula Galaxy.
Do I look desperate. starving?
Okay. deal.
I'll refuel the Arwing and we'll
leave in five minutes. gentlemen.
He's the toughest guy I've
ever seen in my life!
Mario. I have a great idea.
When you see Peach. go to her and say.
oh.
blah. blah. blah.
Hey. hi. how are you?
And then. bam!. you ask her out.
I don't know. Lu.
Would a princess go out with a plumber?
Mario. she would be the luckiest
princess in the world...
if she were your girlfriend.
I know she'll say yes.
And you'll ask her if she has
a friend for me.
Now we just have to find her.
It's right...
Peach!
Mario?
Oh. Yoshi's here too.
Mario!
And what is this?
Shaking hands is strong. I mean...
Shaking hands is strong.
I thought you'd like it...
Because it's strong.
Mario!
I found out where Rosalinda is.
And he said he'll take us there.
Nice ship!
Nice mustache.
Everyone. come!
It's the life of a space rebel!
He doesn't seem like much of a
rebel. he's like Mrs. Cacelato's dog.
And does Mrs. Cacelato's dog do this?
I like this guy!
OBJECTIVE
Hold on tight!
Olé!
Grrr!
You'll pay for this!
Wait!
Junior!
I was with them!
They're pathetic. but I'm sorry to kill them!
Are you saying it's better not to kill them?
How strange...
Okay!
I'm doing this for you. Dad!
When I'm done. they'll be
begging for their mommies!
And what does this do. Junior?
Bowser!
He tricked us!
Ah!
He turned them into babies!
Relax. Dad.
Tomorrow at this time. you'll have
forgotten those overalls-wearing fools.
The entire universe will be ours!
Is it working?
No.
Toad. the babies.
What?
I'm coming!
Get over here!
Yoshi!
Get back here!
Luigi!
Kid. get down from there!
Mario!
Yoshi!
No. Leave him. he's not a toy!
Leave him. give him to me!
Leave her. kid!
To tell the truth. I liked being
a child. the scary thoughts...
that tormented me are gone. it was nice.
We'll fix you up. okay?
You'll be fine. it's just a scratch.
It's just a scratch!
Oh no!
Don't worry. we'll find a way
to get off this planet.
Mario. we're galaxies away
from Rosalinda. the ship...
is unrecoverable. and what's
stranger. we have another dinosaur!
I know you're frustrated.
Princesses don't get frustrated!
Okay. then can I not be
frustrated along with you?
Test. test. here Green. Tall. Red.
Cork and Volpone. the tough guy.
We request immediate evacuation.
We crashed in the middle of Dinoland.
We have a royal load...
Leave him!
Let's go see it!
This is what happens when you
don't go to bed on time.
Mayday Mayday. the fabulous
Luigi greets you. over and out!
LUIIIGIIIIIIIIII!
Their mustaches were ridiculous
but they weren't bad people.
They were your friends. huh?
Nothing is more dangerous than a friend!
When you let your guard down.
they stab you in the back.
Where did you hear that?
That's what you told me when
you took me to my first day of school.
- I'm really a good father. -
Those friends of yours wanted to ruin you.
Turn you into something you're not.
You know who doesn't hurt you?
Your family. Family is forever.
Close your eyes.
Dad!
No cheating.
Now open them.
Hey!
A very rare object is approaching.
Here we are!
We'll get to the nebula
galaxy before the party!
A long time ago. there lived a
brave and noble princess named Peach.
Her story begins many years ago.
When she lived on a small
planet with her sister Rosalinda.
They were both made
of stardust.
Their love burned as brightly
as the stars themselves.
Together they could invoke
the power of the cosmos.
But the forces of evil
wanted that power.
Rosalinda had to send Peach away.
to a safe place.
The Toads raised and protected her.
until she was strong enough to protect them.
Dad!
Welcome to Planet Bowser!
Did you build the planet yourself?
But that's not all!
We have our doomsday cannon!
And the princess I kidnapped
to power it!
The universe will never forgive you!
This is what you are!
This is your place!
Tonight we will destroy the
Mushroom Kingdom!
And tomorrow. the universe!
Bowser!
Yes. long live the king!
They await your return!
Sometimes you can get lost on
the rainbow road of life.
But with a little luck!
A mini version of you helps
you remember your true nature.
My Koopas!
Your king has returned!
We'll drop them on the planet!
Get ready. things are going to get crazy!
Starfox team! Ready!
Yes!
Hold on tight!
Something's coming!
You take care of it. McCloud.
Yes!
Good luck!
I don't know what that means!
That they go that way and we go this way!
Ah. I get it!
Oh!
Intruder alert!
Get them!
Just a little more and we're there. Dad!
My lords!
The troublemakers are back!
Leave it to me!
Build a top-notch
security system!
We'll tear them to pieces!
I love being your dad!
Oh. the days are long
but the years fly by!
Hello. Pichimario!
Prepare to meet your maker!
Ha. ha. ha. ha!
Ha. ha. ha!
Now I've got you!
I won't let them ruin
your plan. son!
Bowser!
It wasn't supposed to end like this!
I know there's still good in you!
Let us through!
Now!
Or what?
Will you humiliate me at my wedding?
Shrink me like an insect
and lock me in a jar?
Sign me up for a book club too?
We had fun. Mario!
But Bowser is back!
And you will feel all my fury!
Dad!
I am the lord of bones!
I am the skeleton king!
And I am his son!
Mario!
Run!
Save her!
Ha. ha. ha!
Yoshi!
How strange!
Cut it out. Lu!
- Lu! - What is it?
You know I'm not good at drawing!
Yes!
In the name of the Koopa!
Son!
Dad!
Help me!
Junior!
- Dad! - My boy!
Rosalina!
You have to try!
I knew you'd come get me.
Look!
I found your femur. Dad!
Go strong. Junior.
Let's look for my foot.
Mario!
That's my sister. Rosalina!
How nice that you finally
found each other again.
Oh. I love family reunions!
Mom?
Mom!
My little ones!
We missed you so much!
I missed you too.
Mom. can we visit
the Mushroom Kingdom?
I want to see the castle!
Okay. all right.
Hey. what about the castle?
Oh. well. the castle. that castle.
ah...
It's dead!
And what does that mean?
You know what?
We'll rebuild it.
The most beautiful castle of all!
Who wants to help?
Oh. yes!
What's your next stop?
That beautiful space princess
repaired my Warp engine...
and I'm going home.
Good luck with them!
They're quite a bizarre family.
Patience. son.
No prison will hold us.
We'll be out soon.
Hello. lizards.
Trying to escape?
Will you respect my rules?
Stay close to me. son.
It won't break us.
First the body. then the bones.
And only dust remains.
Stop it!
Shut up!
You can't silence the truth.
You only make it stronger.
Like the drums that announce...
death!
Oh. come on. come on.
What's wrong. little monkey?
Ha. ha. ha!
Oh. thank you so much!
YOUR HIGHNESS!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org